Update guides for developing connectors (#138)
ConduitIO/conduit-site: docs/connectors/building-connectors/developing-source-connectors.mdx

Validates and stores configuration data for the connector. Any complex validation logic should be implemented here.

```go
func (s *Source) Configure(ctx context.Context, cfg config.Config) error {
    err := sdk.Util.ParseConfig(ctx, cfg, &s.config, NewSource().Parameters())
    if err != nil {
        return err
    }
    // add custom validations here
    return nil
}
```

### `Open()`

Prepares the connector to start producing records based on the last known successful position. If needed, the connector should open connections in this function.

Every record read by a source connector has
a [position](https://conduit.io/docs/features/opencdc-record#fields) attached.

> The position given to `Open()` is the position of the record that was last read

Reviewer: Instead of "last read" I would say it's the last one that was successfully processed end-to-end, to make it clear that it's the _next_ record after this one that should be produced by the source.

Author: Thanks, I'll change that now.

                Offset: offset,
                Whence: io.SeekStart,
            },
            Logger: tail.DiscardingLogger,
        },
    )
    if err != nil {
        return fmt.Errorf("could not tail file: %w", err)
    }

    s.tail = t
    return nil
}
```

### `Read()`

Gathers data from the configured data source and formats it into a `opencdc.Record` that is returned from the function. The returned `opencdc.Record` is queued into the pipeline to be consumed by a Destination connector.

```go
func (s *Source) Read(ctx context.Context) (opencdc.Record, error) {
    select {
    case line, ok := <-s.tail.Lines:
        if !ok {
            return opencdc.Record{}, s.tail.Err()
        }
        return sdk.Util.Source.NewRecordCreate(
            opencdc.Position(strconv.FormatInt(line.SeekInfo.Offset, 10)),
            map[string]string{
                MetadataFilePath: s.config.Path,
            },
            opencdc.RawData(strconv.Itoa(line.Num)), // use line number as key
            opencdc.RawData(line.Text),              // use line content as payload
        ), nil
    case <-ctx.Done():
        return opencdc.Record{}, ctx.Err()
    }
}
```

### `Ack()`

> `Ack` signals to the third party system that the record with the supplied position was successfully processed. It's worth that while some source connector need to implement this functionality (e.g. in the case of messaging brokers), others don't have to (e.g. a file source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Ack` signals to the third party system that the record with the supplied position was successfully processed. It's worth noting that while some source connectors need to implement this functionality (e.g. in the case of messaging brokers), others don't have to (e.g. a file source).
```
